3. "When the Scrooby Congregation separatists arrived in the Netherlands (prior to
founding Plymouth Colony), they met another English congregation who had decided infant
baptism was unscriptural. The pastor of that congregation 'determined that all of the
adult members of his congregation (including himself) needed to be baptized as
believers, but since all of the ministers of his acquaintance (including himself) had
been originally ordained in a 'false' church, they lacked the authority to perform
baptisms. In the face of this catch-22, the poor minister eventually baptized himself,
before ultimately deciding that this, too, had been illegitimate.'" - Robert Tracy
McKenzie

8. "Programming as a profession is only moderately interesting. It can be a good job,
but you could make about the same money and be happier running a fast food joint. You're
much better off using code as your secret weapon in another profession."
(http://bit.ly/jKkNc5)


18. "I find that when someone's taking time to do something right in the present,
they're a perfectionist with no ability to prioritize, whereas when someone took time to
do something right in the past, they're a master artisan of great foresight." - Anon.
(http://xkcd.com/974/)

19. "If man is not to do more harm than good in his efforts to improve the social order,
he will have to learn that in this, as in all other fields where essential complexity of
an organized kind prevails, he cannot acquire the full knowledge which would make
mastery of the events possible." - Friedrich August von Hayek, Nobel Prize Lecture
(http://bit.ly/pwtCeY)


22. "I think today [Christians are] known simply as the people who hate abortion and
hate homosexuals. Someday maybe we'll be known as the people who love to eat together."
- Ken Myers (http://j.mp/mrOhqd)

23. "Promises are made, and this sacrament is appointed, for the relief even of weak and
doubting Christians." - WLC 172 (http://www.opc.org/lc.html)

25. "I have often said that the soul cause of manâ€™s unhappiness is that he does not know
how to stay quietly in his room." - Pascal (http://tinyurl.com/yh85m8n)
